well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again you know we talk about community
networking community building on this
channel a lot a lot and when we talk
about it it's not a big deal it's really
not it's not fraught with danger it's
nothing heroic it's just not working for
most of us for most of us because for
most of us we we've won the Geographic
lottery right it's not that dangerous to
do that it's not true for everybody it's
not true for everybody one of my
personal heroes and somebody who was
definitely a great community builder in
US history once said that the calling to
speak is often a vocation of agony but
we must speak they killed him too
I want to talk about a shooting that
happened in Chicago to moms and I want
to make sure I use that term moms or
gunned down at a bus stop
neither than the anti violence vigil at
a bus stop I have to get some air
found out about this because I saw a
post calling out the press by the way
they handled it because they did they
painted it as if to anti-gun activists
were killed at an anti gun vigil or
something like that and the organization
they belonged to was just like that's
not what happened and that that
straightforwardness it caught my
attention because they said they weren't
activists they were moms they lived in
that community they're just trying to
make it better when to the
organization's a website and yeah
there's an anti violence component of
course I mean it's Chicago if you want
to make your community better that's
gonna be part of it right also talks
about food security professional
development yet all this is gonna sound
real familiar right if you've watched
this channel for any length of time
I don't know Andre oh I don't know
Chantelle couldn't identify him from a
photo but I feel like I lost to my own
kindred spirits no doubt yeah we're
obviously very different but same
message same same same idea community
building from the ground up don't wait
for somebody else to make it better you
do it they went out for a walk to get
some air and now they're gone
now they are gone
the organization they belong to is
called masks moms against senseless
killing I guess moms and men against
senseless killing pretty heroic endeavor
trying to end violence through love and
more opportunity and they're gone now
that organization has put together
GoFundMe to get a reward together for
information okay I'm gonna put the link
down below because in a situation like
this every dollar is gonna help because
it loosens lips this would especially be
true if we could count on Chicago PD to
keep up the heat but we can't because
it's Chicago PD
the GoFundMe is currently at time of
filming about 13 grand $13,000 anyway
it's just a fault
y'all have a good night
[Music]